Next available address block: datasource and resource implementation (#63)
infobloxopen/terraform-provider-bloxone: docs/data-sources/ipam_next_available_address_blocks.md

Retrieves the next available address blocks in the specified address block.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "bloxone_ipam_address_blocks" "example_by_attribute" {
  filters = {
    name = "example_address_block"
  }
}

// 'address_block_count' allows you to get the number of next available address blocks in the address block specified by 'id'
// If not defined, count would default to 1
data "bloxone_ipam_next_available_address_blocks" "example_next_available_ab" {
  id                  = data.bloxone_ipam_address_blocks.example_by_attribute.results.0.id
  address_block_count = 5
}

data "bloxone_ipam_next_available_address_blocks" "example_next_available_ab_default_count" {
  id = data.bloxone_ipam_address_blocks.example_by_attribute.results.0.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cidr` (Number) The cidr value of address blocks to be created.
- `id` (String) An application specific resource identity of a resource.

### Optional

- `address_block_count` (Number) Number of address blocks to generate. Default 1 if not set.
- `comment` (String) Comment of next available address blocks.

> - `name` (String) Name of next available address blocks.

Reviewer: These are not needed for the data source, and adds no value, especially since we have changed to only return the addresses.

Author: I'll remove them in other NA DS implementation as well.

### Read-Only

> - `results` (List of String) List of Next available Subnet address in the specified resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `results` (List of String) List of next available address block's addresses in the specified resource
```
